it's like the fantasy you always have as
a kid everywhere is an amazing shot
amazing character
it's about the humanity of it which just
makes the whole thing so real ready
Archer
your hearts beating and you're actually
in this situation you get something very
genuine that you can the plan you'll
actually compose shots that if we were
on a green screen set you just wouldn't
have known we're available fresh is so
high we're making a film that's right
touching my favorite movie of all time
but then if you're too respectful of it
that you didn't do anything new or
different take a risk then what are you
bringing to the table
kill Santa down there
I mean this is really where a film crew
like this really comes into their
about kids when you were four years old
grew up with Star Wars figures it's a
bit like just being that kid again so
don't like
may the force be with us
I